docs: publish v0.4 feature docs (#143)
arcus-azure/arcus.backgroundjobs: docs/versioned_docs/version-v0.4.0/01-index.md

---
title: "Arcus Background Jobs"
layout: default
permalink: /
slug: /
sidebar_label: Welcome
---

[![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Arcus.BackgroundJobs.CloudEvents?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Arcus.BackgroundJobs.CloudEvents/)

# Installation

The Arcus BackgroundJobs can be installed via NuGet:

```shell
PM > Install-Package Arcus.BackgroundJobs.CloudEvents
```

> For more granular packages we recommend reading the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more in depth documentation we recommend reading the documentation.
```
I'd also put a link to the documentation ?

Author: Hmm, but here we're already at the documentation site 😅 . Maybe we could add `:` at the end as to link to the `# Features` title below.

Author: Removed this sentence and NuGet badge in https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.backgroundjobs/pull/143/commits/a611c6a3123ab76aeaeaa817b9edce9df8fb7758
